date: October 19, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [mitchelt, ajnenno2,orkhiyae,justynth]
absent: []
excused_absences: [] 
task_progress: 
  [
  {ubit: mitchelt, progress: Researching socket.io and using namespaces},
  {ubit: justynth, progress: },
  {ubit: orkhiyae, progress: researching html button sizes},
  {ubit: ajnenno2, progress: Access to server nearly complete}
  ]
issues: 
  [
  {ubit: mitchelt, issue: No real issues yet},
  {ubit: justynth, issue: No real issues yet},
  {ubit: orkhiyae, issue: No real issues yet},
  {ubit: ajnenno2, issue: No real issues yet}
  ]
Notes:
  { }